# C-Program
Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. This project was designed to help a grocery store to figure out the amount of certain produce they sold in order to design their store in a more helpful manner. 
What did you do particularly well? I feel like I did particularly well on the final layout and the menu function. 
Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? I could tidy up my code more than it is in this project. I wasn't very thrilled at how messy it looked in the end but I ran out of time to clean it up. I feel like there was a section I could have used pointers more. 
Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? I struggled to get it to read the text document then output to the new file I created. I actually have a friend of mine who does coding and we worked through it together and he explained more of it to me so I understood what I was doing wrong for the future. 
What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? The probelm solving for sure. I worked through some of the issues I ran into on my own by reading through the code and testing small parts of it to find any errors I made. This project in particular made me realize that I need to test small parts more often and not try to write the entire thing at one time. 
How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? I added a lot of comments through it so that if anyone wanted to go over it and they had a better idea on what to do they knew what I was getting each part to do. 
